I'm probably missing a bunch,but here's what I got without a controller to mess around with and run into problems on my own

Weapons
	Damage number
	
Sword
	Shield cooldown
	Shield duration
	Shield particle

All Actors
	Is damage being taken
	
Character
	State
		DoTs
			Remaining duration of DoT
		Hitstun
		Shop tele cooldown
		Shop rent
			How long until it triggers?
			Is it active?

Enemies
	Archer/Met
		Invuln or not

Traps
	Darts
		Windup time communicated
		
General
	Where am I?
		Minimap
		
		
Priority
Damage taken
Shield particle

Mid Priority
Cooldowns/durations
dart windup

Low
Minimap
Damage number

Suggested implementations
Durations/cooldowns
	Ideal:
		League of legends buff icons - http://media-titanium.cursecdn.com/attachments/44/856/screen11.png
			Icons floating over the skill bar in the middle
				Alternative - At the right side of the skillbar we have summoner spells with numbers
			The far left floating icon is ready to go
			The two to the right are durations that are ticking down, the brighter side represents the remaining duration the darker the used up duration
				Abilities in the ability bar immediately above health and mana display this as well
				Dark is on cooldown
				Lit up is ready to go.
				When an ability is returning, they get the clock hand effect as well as a number like the summoner spells
					Slightly different paradigm, also tinted blue when on cooldown
					
				Overall: I think we can have everything just use the buff icon paradigm rather than the abilities paradigm; dark section and bright section with clock hands.
				
				Ex. Shop tele has the hand move one direction as it comes back, fire and poison have a hand that moves the other direction as they wear off
				
	Quick and easy for now: Like the summoner spells in the image, but without changing the icon colour/shade or clock hands
		Just display relevant icons (always shop tele, shield cooldown, shield duration, burn, poison based on situation)
			Have a number count down, for shield and shop tele have the icon remain like the far left icon in the image to show available, have fire/poison disappear when their timer runs out.
			
			Ideally we spawn icons in a bar dynamically beside each other, for a proof of concept we can have fixed locations for each type but it is not a scalable implementation as we add to the game so it would be a good idea not to invest time and energy too heavily into that implementation.

Is damage being taken/hitstun
	Flashing sprite while taking damage and/or in hitstun (rock doesn't go into hitstun) ala castlevania http://www.letsplaysnes.com/play-super-castlevania-iv-online/?play=true

	
Archer invuln or not
	Don't know what the sprite will be like, but something like eyes open/closed is pretty simple, no?
	
Darts
	Sound
		Ch-k-ch-k-*fire*
			3 is a magic number, don't question it
			
Shield particle
	Little transparent orb around the player like in sonic http://sonic2.ocremix.org/graphics/Sonic2%28InvincibilityTheme%29.gif
	
Damage Number
	In the bottom right corner of the weapon icon, in red
		Red means hurt, it's a convention - following conventions are good.